# What are nations

## Civic class

You may remember when you were younger of a class, probably done by your history
and geography teacher. About what a nation is, that people with the same culture
and the same history were part of the same nation.

Today I've watched a video from [Caspian Reports](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbKoXlYUNY0)
on the geopolicies of Ethopia. I knew relatively well the subject already,
however I didn't know the details on the repartitions of ethnic groups and the
federalization of the country by the president. This made me think on what makes
an ethnic group. How it is characterized, what religion, culture and history
play in the foundation of the nation.

## Localization as initial group

*Where are you from ?*

Such an easy question, and usually one of the first pick-up line for a date, it
is a very natural question, and it's funny that the answer is so complex.

My answer will vary depending where I am. If I am in the US, I'll say from
London, and if I am in London I'll be from France, and if I am in France,
I'll say I'm from south of France, in the Massif central.

The question is really trying to attach the person to a group. I think that in
our history, our mobility was about a day or 2-3 days pelgrinage from where you
lived. This created our region, with sometime separate languages and dialects to
separate those groups from the other. With mobility increasing, the train the
car, and the 60-80s (by which I mean Hollywood, pop music), the barriers lessen
and crumbled. The new boundaries were the countries, and as I was taught in
school, it was about "la France", and once I grew up, and borders fused even
more, it became about Europe (excluding the Brits obviously ;) ).

## Formation of groups

So cultures is what makes a Nation a Nation ?

I want to argue it plays a role, but is rather the consequence of instead of the
cause. I'd like to conjecture that it is possible to plot borders through
connections between people. If a node is a person, this person will be connected
through an edge to other people. If node as a weight of 1, and each edge as 2
values ingress and egress (it's a bidirectional graph). The edge spread its
weight across all its edges, so the more influence someone has on you (friend,
family, author, TV personality, who ever), the more their problems affects you,
they may care more or less or not at all about you, it doesn't have to be
directional, they still have a as much cycles as everyone.

Now, If it were possible to map all the connection in the world (Hum...
Facebook), and to set all the weight as a the some gravity, or spring tension,
you'll probably need some antimatter, or at least electromagnetic force so
everything doesn't collapse on itself into a blackhole. And, this should be able
to display how much each culture is "mixed".

Another method would be with tainting random individual, and spread the colours
across the edges, and see how much everything is mixed.

## Application in politics

If I were the Ethiopia President, I would continue trying to merge its nation,
bit by bit, and hope no ethnic group gets opressed, as this would cause tension.
I would try to increase mixity, through the usage of broadcasts, of having
people from each "group" care about the same issues, about the same people, and
smooth the differences.

Obviously, some ethnic leaders would oppose this, as this would directly result
in a loss of their own influence (see : power), so they would try to polarize
issuesm to appeal to their own groups. So the best way would probably be to use
those same persons that would try to work against you, to work for you, by
giving them the task (through incentives), to reach out to more people, so that
more people care about them.
