# Skyward

I've read many books from Brandon Sanderson, the
[Mistborn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistborn) series with the [Alloy of
law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistborn:_The_Alloy_of_Law) following, and
then the wonderful [Stormlight
archive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Stormlight_Archive), these are some
of my favorite books, and I am awaiting the following books eagerly. Which I
know will be coming (looking at you Rothfuss). I would love to recommend these
books, but the commitment is huge, definetly worth the investment, but it's hard
to recommend someone to make that investment, because the story does not start
straight away, and the information is distributed carefully.

It is hard to recommend a book, it is a quite personal thing, to recommend
something that is close to you, with a high likelyhood for the other person to
simply not to like it. And books have this sunk cost falacy, I am not sure why,
there could be a few reason or a combination of those :

* It is somewhat expensive, I've probably spent 1500£ on books in the last
  4 years. It's not that much, I think, for over 4 years, and counting that many
  of the books were read multiple times. And most of the books take between 1 to
  3 weeks, or between 12-40 hours to consume.

* It is made of physical matter, humans are too attach to physical stuff, paper
  is paper, when it has left the library it has no longer the same value. Most
of my books are on the Kindle or audiobooks. And the ones that aren't, it's
because I need to work on them, like writing stuff on them. Paper is the same as
a piece of wood, please don't value it because you think it's special, in most
cases books are printed in many examplaries you know.

* It is a time commitment, if you've started it, you need to finish it. That's
  only true for life. It's the writter job to keep you interested, if you don't
  like it, stop !

Now, finally as for the reason why I decided to ramble here, and continue to
ramble. I've started and finished
[Skyward](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skyward_(novel)), and it was so
different from the other books, much less epic in a way, but so gripping, and
fun, and engaging. I love the author, because I rarely know where things are
going, or because the character traits are compelling. I hate characters that
are just petty or bullish, or when they just do stupid decisions. Robin Hobb books are somewhat
like that not the Apprentice trilogy, but the one with the
[boats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liveship_Traders_Trilogy), quite
frustrating sometimes. I finished the [Mistress of the
Empire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistress_of_the_Empire) from Raymond E.
Feist, just last week, and I had to jump the start, for there was no way the
character would act like that, or act so rash. And I know the argument can be
made that sometimes people break, but the character had previously acted so
differently, and was admired for her calm and logic.

Anyway, I love Skyward, it's easy sci-fi to recommend, and I should not have
waited that long before getting it !

